Alex Pasieka
Doodle Drop

Doodle Drop is a web application for drawing and sharing doodles.
Users can create an account, draw doodles, view all their doodles on their account page,
delete unwanted doodles, and change their password if they want.
Also, regardless of if a user has an account, everyone can view the home page,
which features all doodles drawn by all accounts.

In terms of a profit model, as shown by the first post on the home page,
advertisements could be placed where posts would normally be and link to advertisers' websites.

I used React mainly for creating components for all the forms throughout the website.
It helped to keep the functionality of the forms organized. I also used it for components
shared across multiple pages like the masthead.

I built this app using the MVC architecture by writing controllers that grabbed data
from the needed models stored within mongoDB using mongoose and passing that data into
views defined in a separate folder. All of this was routed together using the Express framework.

Specifically, I stored account usernames and passwords in Mongo. When it came to the doodles,
they are actually strings of SVG data stored in Mongo that get parsed back and forth.

I used Handlebars for a templating language. It is mostly used for populating both
the home page and a user's account page with respective doodles. It is also used as way
to detect if a user is logged and change the masthead based on that information.

For new features/above and beyond, I added the ability for users to draw doodles within
the actual website using canvas and converting into SVG. Users can also delete doodles.
I did a lot more to properly style the website, utilizing Bootstrap and Sass.
To help with the development process, I used Gulp to make my commands more manageable.
As mentioned before, I made the masthead navigation reactive based on if a user is logged in.
Plus, for feedback, I added alerts to tell the user when they have made a mistake in a form.
Other than all those things, I just took a lot of time to polish all of my code and make sure
it was as organized as I could make it.

Borrowed Code:
 - CSS Reset: http://meyerweb.com/eric/tools/css/reset/
 - Canvas2SVG: https://github.com/gliffy/canvas2svg
